this week we travel to Australian rocket
trees Thunder Down Under in West mark
Queensland West now is a beautiful on
site with plenty of space both
horizontally and vertically we have been
working on our polar on g2 rocket for a
number of years now and so Thunder was a
good opportunity to fly the first time
with full-size boosters each of the
boosters has a ten and a half litre
capacity takes 4 liters of water the
main stage is 21 point 4 litres and also
takes 4 litres of water and a bubble
bath mix after filling we add the guide
rail legs and screw on the top section
of the main stage the main stage has the
main parachute controlled by timer and
the backup deployment mechanism is
controlled by a magnetic RPG detector
there is also an altimeter and a camera
fitted to the rocket this rocket is our
most complex record today between the
Boosters main stage and launcher there
are approximately 900 individual
components
here we're just doing final checks and
getting the go-ahead from the LC Oh
at launch the rocket weighs close to 20
kilos of 45 pounds
we haven't launched in five four three
one day when the business is coming off
until the multicolored uh bubble bath it
was only the business up a parachute the
mainframe and the parachute good was
that
there was quite a strong breeze blowing
which caused the rocket to pitch over a
little shortly after launch but some of
this may have been planted a small
nozzle on the main stage meaning there
was quite a bit of weight near the tail
of the right
if you look carefully the booster on the
Left Clips the fin as it releases but
there wasn't any damage
because of the picture maneuver but the
rock incentive overpass horizontal
magnetic Apogee detector deployed the
backup parachute the main they've opened
a couple of seconds later because of the
non vertical flight the main stage
annular reached 568 feet
the rocket landed several hundred meters
away from the launch site
just to make sure the first flag wasn't
a fluke we set the whole rocket up again
the water can go in the countdown in
five four three two one hi hats up if
you're out in the back of range they're
editor to our camera two one again it
pitched over due to the wind and flew
almost half a kilometer downrange the
rocket and boosters were recovered
safely under parachute
and yeah looks like we got a parachute a
brake light very cool if you guys get a
chance go
we'll fly this rocket again but in
karmic conditions for more details about
this rocket please follow the links in
the description below